Post symposium edits (#4)
tweag/ifl2025-liquidhaskell: main.tex

        \tc{\{x:b | p\}}, which denote values of base type \tc{b} that
        satisfy predicate \tc{p}. We will write sometimes \tc{b<p>} to denote
        \tc{\{x:b | p x\}}.
\end{itemize}

Refinement types are subject to subtyping in the same way as subsets in set
theory. Every time we have an expression \tc{e}, the refinement
type of \tc{e} needs to be a subtype of the refinement type expected by

> the context where \tc{e} appears. For instance, in the following function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
theory. Every time we have an expression \tc{e}, the refinement
type inferred for \tc{e} needs to be a subtype of the refinement type expected by
the context in which \tc{e} appears. For instance, in the following function
```
(where->in which isn't completely necessary, I don't think, but it feels a little better to my ear)

\begin{verbatim}
{-@ f :: {x:Int | x > 1} -> {x:Int | x > 0} @-}
f :: Int -> Int
f x = x
\end{verbatim}
the refinement type of the occurrence of \tc{x} in the right hand side
needs to be a subtype of the return refinement type of function \tc{f}. And
similarly, in an application \tc{f y}, the refinement type of \tc{y} needs

> to be a subtype of the refinement type of the formal parameter of \tc{f}.

Reviewer: Do we have room? I would add an example:
```suggestion
needs to be a subtype of the return refinement type of function \tc{f}.

Similarly, in an application \tc{f y}, the refinement type of \tc{y} needs
to be a subtype of the refinement type of the parameter of \tc{f}:
\begin{verbatim}
{-@ g :: {x:Int | x > 2} -> {x:Int | x > 0} @-}
g :: Int -> Int
g y = f y
\end{verbatim}
```
